README.md, before:

near-blank-project
==================

This app was initialized with [create-near-app]


Quick Start
===========

If you haven't installed dependencies during setup:

    npm run deps-install


Build and deploy your contract to TestNet with a temporary dev account:

    npm run deploy

Test your contract:

    npm test

If you have a frontend, run `npm start`. This will run a dev server.


Exploring The Code
==================

1. The smart-contract code lives in the `/contract` folder. See the README there for
   more info. In blockchain apps the smart contract is the "backend" of your app.
2. The frontend code lives in the `/frontend` folder. `/frontend/index.html` is a great
   place to start exploring. Note that it loads in `/frontend/index.js`,
   this is your entrypoint to learn how the frontend connects to the NEAR blockchain.
3. Test your contract: `npm test`, this will run the tests in `integration-tests` directory.


Deploy
======

Every smart contract in NEAR has its [own associated account][NEAR accounts]. 
When you run `npm run deploy`, your smart contract gets deployed to the live NEAR TestNet with a temporary dev account.
When you're ready to make it permanent, here's how:


Step 0: Install near-cli (optional)
-------------------------------------

[near-cli] is a command line interface (CLI) for interacting with the NEAR blockchain. It was installed to the local `node_modules` folder when you ran `npm install`, but for best ergonomics you may want to install it globally:

    npm install --global near-cli

Or, if you'd rather use the locally-installed version, you can prefix all `near` commands with `npx`

Ensure that it's installed with `near --version` (or `npx near --version`)


Step 1: Create an account for the contract
------------------------------------------

Each account on NEAR can have at most one contract deployed to it. If you've already created an account such as `your-name.testnet`, you can deploy your contract to `near-blank-project.your-name.testnet`. Assuming you've already created an account on [NEAR Wallet], here's how to create `near-blank-project.your-name.testnet`:

1. Authorize NEAR CLI, following the commands it gives you:

      near login

2. Create a subaccount (replace `YOUR-NAME` below with your actual account name):

      near create-account near-blank-project.YOUR-NAME.testnet --masterAccount YOUR-NAME.testnet

Step 2: deploy the contract
---------------------------

Use the CLI to deploy the contract to TestNet with your account ID.
Replace `PATH_TO_WASM_FILE` with the `wasm` that was generated in `contract` build directory.

    near deploy --accountId near-blank-project.YOUR-NAME.testnet --wasmFile PATH_TO_WASM_FILE


Step 3: set contract name in your frontend code
-----------------------------------------------

Modify the line in `src/config.js` that sets the account name of the contract. Set it to the account id you used above.

    const CONTRACT_NAME = process.env.CONTRACT_NAME || 'near-blank-project.YOUR-NAME.testnet'



Troubleshooting
===============

On Windows, if you're seeing an error containing `EPERM` it may be related to spaces in your path. Please see [this issue](https://github.com/zkat/npx/issues/209) for more details.


  [create-near-app]: https://github.com/near/create-near-app
  [Node.js]: https://nodejs.org/en/download/package-manager/
  [jest]: https://jestjs.io/
  [NEAR accounts]: https://docs.near.org/concepts/basics/account
  [NEAR Wallet]: https://wallet.testnet.near.org/
  [near-cli]: https://github.com/near/near-cli
  [gh-pages]: https://github.com/tschaub/gh-pages

Commit message:

Update readMe with contract notes

README.md, after:

fungible_token
==============

This app was initialized with [create-near-app]

NOTES
=====

This is fungible token implementation with JSON serialization

- The maximum balance value is limited by U128 (2**128-1)
- JSON calls should pass U128 as a base-10 string. E.g "100".
- The contract optimizes the inner trie structure by hashing accound IDs. It will prevent some abuse of deep tries.
- The contract tracks the change in storage before and after the call. If the storage increases, the contract requires the caller to attach enough deposit to the function call to cover the storage cost. 
This is done to prvent a DOS attack on the contract by taking all available storage.
If the storage decreases, the contract will issue a refund for the cost of the released storage.
The unused tokens from the attached deposit are also refunded, so it's safe to attach more deposit than required.
- To prevent the deployed contract from being modified or deleted, it should not have any access keys on its account. 

Quick Start
===========

If you haven't installed dependencies during setup:

    npm run deps-install

Build and deploy your contract to TestNet with a temporary dev account:

    npm run deploy

Test your contract:

    npm test

If you have a frontend, run `npm start`. This will run a dev server.

Exploring The Code
==================

1. The smart-contract code lives in the `/contract` folder. See the README there for
   more info. In blockchain apps the smart contract is the "backend" of your app.
2. The frontend code lives in the `/frontend` folder. `/frontend/index.html` is a great
   place to start exploring. Note that it loads in `/frontend/index.js`,
   this is your entrypoint to learn how the frontend connects to the NEAR blockchain.
3. Test your contract: `npm test`, this will run the tests in `integration-tests` directory.

Deploy
======

Every smart contract in NEAR has its [own associated account][NEAR accounts].
When you run `npm run deploy`, your smart contract gets deployed to the live NEAR TestNet with a temporary dev account.
When you're ready to make it permanent, here's how:

Step 0: Install near-cli (optional)
-------------------------------------

[near-cli] is a command line interface (CLI) for interacting with the NEAR blockchain. It was installed to the local `node_modules` folder when you ran `npm install`, but for best ergonomics you may want to install it globally:

    npm install --global near-cli

Or, if you'd rather use the locally-installed version, you can prefix all `near` commands with `npx`

Ensure that it's installed with `near --version` (or `npx near --version`)

Step 1: Create an account for the contract
------------------------------------------

Each account on NEAR can have at most one contract deployed to it. If you've already created an account such as `your-name.testnet`, you can deploy your contract to `near-blank-project.your-name.testnet`. Assuming you've already created an account on [NEAR Wallet], here's how to create `near-blank-project.your-name.testnet`:

1. Authorize NEAR CLI, following the commands it gives you:

      near login

2. Create a subaccount (replace `YOUR-NAME` below with your actual account name):

      near create-account near-blank-project.YOUR-NAME.testnet --masterAccount YOUR-NAME.testnet

Step 2: deploy the contract
---------------------------

Use the CLI to deploy the contract to TestNet with your account ID.
Replace `PATH_TO_WASM_FILE` with the `wasm` that was generated in `contract` build directory.

    near deploy --accountId near-blank-project.YOUR-NAME.testnet --wasmFile PATH_TO_WASM_FILE

Step 3: set contract name in your frontend code
-----------------------------------------------

Modify the line in `src/config.js` that sets the account name of the contract. Set it to the account id you used above.

    const CONTRACT_NAME = process.env.CONTRACT_NAME || 'near-blank-project.YOUR-NAME.testnet'

Troubleshooting
===============

On Windows, if you're seeing an error containing `EPERM` it may be related to spaces in your path. Please see [this issue](https://github.com/zkat/npx/issues/209) for more details.

  [create-near-app]: https://github.com/near/create-near-app
  [Node.js]: https://nodejs.org/en/download/package-manager/
  [jest]: https://jestjs.io/
  [NEAR accounts]: https://docs.near.org/concepts/basics/account
  [NEAR Wallet]: https://wallet.testnet.near.org/
  [near-cli]: https://github.com/near/near-cli
  [gh-pages]: https://github.com/tschaub/gh-pages
